Add cloud condensate sedimentation velocity (#462)
CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl: docs/src/Microphysics2M.md

|   symbol                   | default value                       |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------------|
|``a_R``                     | ``9.65 \, m \cdot s^{-1}``          |
|``b_R``                     | ``10.3 \, m \cdot s^{-1}``          |
|``c_R``                     | ``600 \, m^{-1}``                   |
|``\overline{x}_{r,\, min}`` | ``6.54 \times 10^{-11} \, m``        |
|``\overline{x}_{r,\, max}`` | ``5 \times 10^{-6}  \, m``          |
|``N_{0,\, min}``            | ``3.5 \times 10^{5}  \, m^{-4}``    |
|``N_{0,\, max}``            | ``2 \times 10^{10}  \, m^{-4}``      |
|``\lambda_{min}``           | ``1 \times 10^{3}  \, m^{-1}``      |
|``\lambda_{max}``           | ``4 \times 10^{4}  \, m^{-1}``      |

Below we compare number-weighted (left) and mass-weighted (right) terminal velocities
  for the original parameterization of SB2006 [SeifertBeheng2006](@cite)
  and the modifed parameterzation given by eq. (\ref{eq:SBModifiedTerminalVelocity})
  without limiting distribution shape factor $\lambda_r$.
```@example
include("plots/TerminalVelocity2M.jl")
```
![](2M_terminal_velocity_comparisons.svg)

> For the [Chen2022](@cite) terminal velocity parameterization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Chen et al. [Chen2022](@cite) terminal velocity parameterization,
```

  the number- and mass-weighted group terminal velocities are:
```math
\begin{equation}
  \overline{v_k} = \frac{\int_0^\infty v(D) \, D^k \, n(D) \, dD}
             {\int_0^\infty D^k \, n(D) \, dD}
             = (\phi)^{\kappa} \Sigma_{i} \frac{a_i \lambda^\delta \Gamma(b_i + \delta)}

>              {(\lambda + c_i)^{b_i + \delta} \; \Gamma(\delta)}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             {(\lambda + c_i)^{b_i + \delta} \; \Gamma(\delta)},
```

\end{equation}
```
where $\Gamma$ is the gamma function, $\delta = k + 1$, and
$\lambda$ is the size distribution parameter.

> $\overline{v_k}$ corresponds to the number-weighted mean terminal velocity when k = 0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The velocity $\overline{v_k}$ is the number-weighted mean terminal velocity when k = 0,
```

> and mass-weighted mean terminal velocity when k = 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the mass-weighted mean terminal velocity when k = 3.
```
